# Ride & Share

### Problem Statement
Over the past decade, problems related to traffic congestion have severely aggravated in city centres across the globe. This has occurred due to a wide variety of factors such as concentration of population in major cities, inadequate public transport facilities, increase in the quantity of private vehicles brought about by an improvement in standard of living, etc. 
In such densely populated cities, carpooling or ride-sharing serves as the perfect alternative to taking your car out daily. Along with being a relatively cost-effective and frugal way of commuting, carpooling also benefits the environment by reducing the carbon footprint generated by every individual commuter.
Despite, its numerous benefits, finding people to carpool with often proves to be quite a tedious affair. Due to this, effective execution of carpool proves to be a challenge.
This Android carpooling system has been developed to help encourage carpooling by helping users “offer a ride” in their vehicle or “find a ride” with other users.
Security is always a concern with ride-sharing as carpooling with strangers could prove to be risky. To address this issue and improve security, the admin has been given the sole authority to verify users. User can’t log in and access the modules unless their request has been verified by the admin.
Along with being helpful for commuting, carpooling is also a viable method of inter-city or inter-state travel.

### working

 - User
 
    - User can offer ride sharing services.
    - User can look for available carpools along their desired route.




 